book/cli/brontes/db.md, before:

# brontes db

Brontes database commands

```bash
$ brontes db --help
Usage: brontes db [OPTIONS] <COMMAND>

Commands:
  insert             Allows for inserting items into libmdbx
  query              Query data from any libmdbx table and pretty print it in stdout
  clear              Clear a libmdbx table
  generate-traces    Generates traces and will store them in libmdbx (also clickhouse if --feature local-clickhouse)
  libmdbx-mem-test   Test libmdbx memory usage
  init               For a given range, will fetch all data from the api and insert it into libmdbx
  export             Export libmbdx data to parquet
  download-snapshot  downloads a db snapshot from the remote endpoint
  help               Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)

Options:
      --brontes-db-path <BRONTES_DB_PATH>
          path to the brontes libmdbx db

  -h, --help
          Print help (see a summary with '-h')

  -V, --version
          Print version

Display:
  -v, --verbosity...
          Set the minimum log level.
          
          -v      Errors
          -vv     Warnings
          -vvv    Info
          -vvvv   Debug
          -vvvvv  Traces (warning: very verbose!)

      --quiet
          Silence all log output
```

Commit message:

Ludwig/ci utils (#779)
* test

* wip

* updated cex-dex quotes filtering

* Clippy

* test

* test

* testing for final run

* need more ram ffs

* test

* test

* test

* test

* test

* test kek

* pushing for run

* test

* test

* moved test db to brontes-ci folder to mitigate permission problem

* Updated cli docs & fixing CI

* test

* testing perms issue

* test cleanup for branch name with

/

---------

Co-authored-by: jnoorchashm37 <joseph@sorellalabs.xyz>

book/cli/brontes/db.md, after:

# brontes db

Brontes database commands

```bash
$ brontes db --help
Usage: brontes db [OPTIONS] <COMMAND>

Commands:
  insert               Insert into the brontes libmdbx db
  query                Query data from any libmdbx table and pretty print it in stdout
  clear                Clear a libmdbx table
  generate-traces      Generates traces and store them in libmdbx (also clickhouse if --feature local-clickhouse)
  cex-query            Fetches Cex data from the Sorella DB
  init                 Fetch data from the api and insert it into libmdbx
  table-stats          Libmbdx Table Stats
  export               Export libmbdx data to parquet
  download-snapshot    Downloads a database snapshot. Without specified blocks, it fetches the full range. With start/end blocks, it downloads that range and merges it into the current database
  download-clickhouse  Downloads the db data from clickhouse
  r2-upload            For internal use only. Uploads snapshots of db every 100k blocks to r2
  test-traces-init     Traces all blocks required to run the tests and inserts them into clickhouse
  trace-at-tip         Generates traces up to chain tip and inserts them into libmbx
  run-discovery        Only runs discovery and inserts discovered protocols into clickhouse
  help                 Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)

Options:
      --brontes-db-path <BRONTES_DB_PATH>
          path to the brontes libmdbx db

  -h, --help
          Print help (see a summary with '-h')

  -V, --version
          Print version

Display:
  -v, --verbosity...
          Set the minimum log level.
          
          -v      Errors
          -vv     Warnings
          -vvv    Info
          -vvvv   Debug
          -vvvvv  Traces (warning: very verbose!)

      --quiet
          Silence all log output
```
